# Meeting 30 November 2019

Meeting began at 1400 (2:00pm) and was conducted over slack.

## Agenda 

* Go over updates
    - Talk about the new PR
* Talk about future plans

## Updates

* Ryland added features that allowed the user to upload an image [link](https://github.com/ECS189E/project-f19-tigers/commit/7b3de15ea973defe10c0f2e5bd6ba9087f0d496c)
    - The user can swipe between images
    - Firebase was set up to hold images
        + Storage on Firebase was setup

* Vsevolod made the deleting of an account require a password [link](https://github.com/ECS189E/project-f19-tigers/commit/656982370047513db74fe9727e72e8bd954aafe4)
    - If the user enters an incorrect password then an alert will be shown the user

* Filip changed the UI navigation and the ability for a user to delete a post [link](https://github.com/ECS189E/project-f19-tigers/commit/f1edc9f168707ef4851c5a5f8c80e83c866fe849)
    - Also implemented the ability for the user to track their own postings
    - The bike feed will not show postings made by the user themselves

## Future Plans

* Add image views when postings are being viewed
* Delete photos
* Magic aspect 

Meeting endeda 1420 (2:20pm).
Trello link [link](https://trello.com/b/54TKPcGT/ecs189e-project).

